About Me Section:
Hi! I'm an aspiring software engineer learning how to build websites. Something you should know about me is that I am a constant revolving cycle of hyperfixations. When I discover a new hobby or interest whether it's broadway shows, a new artist, book genre, movies, TV show/anime, sport, skill, or even an app like Notion, I dive as deep as I can possibly go. At the core, I love consuming quality story-telling with a unique delivery that speaks to me personally and emotionally and building my proficiency in new skills through dedication and practice. Currently, I'm an avid tennis player, fantasy book reader, and swiftie. Join me as I get to walk you through some of my passions!



Bojack Horseman:
Introduction Blurb:
Bojack Horseman is a Netflix animated sitcom about a washed-up TV star who tries to navigate Hollywood and his own personal struggles. There are a total of 5 main character we follow on this show:
Diane Ngyuyen - A Vietnamese American writer with a tough upbringing as the scapegoat of her family, trying to turn her lonely, neglectful childhood into a meaningful life making a difference that is bigger than her. She is often the more politically-charged, morally-driven, and dynamic character in the group as she tries to navigate her personal journey with morality and depression.
Princess Carolyn - A pink cat who grew up being the main caretaker of her household, mainly her mom. She leaves home to pursue a career becoming an agent in Hollywood. She inevitably becomes a workaholic while still trying to balance getting to important life milestones like marriage and kids without sacrificing her career. Her main struggle in the series is figuring out her personal/professional boundaries and her identity being tied so closely to her work.
Todd Sanchez - A carefree, absent-minded, but caring boy who is estranged from his family and finds himself couch hopping through the series. He's probably the funniest character in the show, but he grows a lot throughout the show into learning more about himself, his sexuality, and setting boundaries on how he treated by people who don't appreciate him. (mainly Bojack)
Mr. Peanut Butter - A carefree, optimistic, charismatic Labrador who is in a relationship with Diane. His story line is generally pretty light-hearted since he is primarily a goes-with-the-flow character, but he does struggle with being considerate of others and eventually has to learn about his own relationship patterns with codependency.
Bojack Horseman - A narcisstic, depressed, lazy actor who grew up with extremely toxic parents that led to him having awful coping mechanisms with drugs and alcohol abuse, meaningless sex, toxic/codependent relationships, and just generally treating everyone around him horribly. We follow him through making some grave, grave mistakes and slowly, very slowly take accountability for these mistakes. Although he is an anti-hero, because we see his generational trauma and his inner thoughts, we can really empathize with the parts of him struggling which makes him overall a very compelling main character to follow.

This is not a show for the weak-hearted, there are some serious dark, depressing moments in the show so view discretion is advised. But if you can get through it, you'll see what a cinematic masterpiece it is.
This is a show I come back to whenever I'm experiencing one of my own life lows, because what this show does for me is that it shows me deeply flawed characters with struggles that I personally relate closely
to and shows me empathy and acceptance for my own flaws navigating through my own struggles. I've never had a show that has made me feel so seen as a human while also having such ridiculously hilarious humor
tied to it. It's by far my all-time favorite piece of art in general and I will likely keep referencing it for the rest of my life.


1. Free Churro
Explanation: This is the episode where Bojack gisves a eulogy for his abusive, neglectful mother's funeral. The entire episode is a beautifully written and delivered raw, but comedic monologue
that shows Bojack grappling with mixed emotions about the passing of his mother, looking back at memories of her and grasping at anything to point to any speck of affection she
might've had for him.
"Suddenly, you realize you’ll never have the good relationship you wanted, and as long as they were alive, even though you’d never admit it, part of you, the stupidest goddamn part of you, was still holding on to that chance. And you didn’t even realize it until that chance went away.

My mother is dead, and everything is worse now"
Season/Episode: S5E6

2. Ruthie
Explanation:  This episode is about Princess Carolyn going through the worst day of her life. The episode begins as a story being told by her great great great granddaughter
giving a class presentation about this specific awful day she had. Throughout the episode, as more and more things go wrong, the story is being positioned to have had a happy
ending. That the things going wrong are all a part of an intended desired end result, the way stories are usually packaged up to be. The big reveal in the end [Spoiler Alert] is that
the entire bit with her great great great granddaughter was never real. It was just her coping mechanism she uses to tell herself when she's experiencing rock bottom. As the audience,
we were set up throughout the entire episode hoping for a happy ending and instead, we were met with the devastation of realizing that the promise of a happy ending was all fake. This is one
of those gut-puncher episodes that feels so raw and real because that is how it feels to go through your low points. There's no certainty that it will "work out in the end", you just have to
face it regardless.
Season/Episode: S4E9

3. That Went Well
Explanation: This is the season 3 finale episode following an extremely painful-to-watch episode called "That's Too Much, Man!". I love this episode for 2 main reasons: the first being
the devastating quote Bojack gives as he's grieving a tragic death of someone dear to him: "I don't know how to be Diane, it doesn't get better and it doesn't get easier. I can't keep
lying to myself saying I'm going to change, I'm poison. I come from poison, I have poison inside of me. I destroy everything I touch, that's my legacy. I have nothing to show for
the life that I've lived and I have nobody in my life who's better off for having known me." This is one of the most memorable quotes in the show for me because of how gut-punching
it really hit home. On a lighter note, the second reason is the absolutely ridiculous but hilarious sequence in the beginning that makes Mr. Peanutbutter a superhero for having an
absurd amount of spaghetti strainers laying around, something that was set up earlier in the season. It's hard to actually describe without the entire build-up and context,
but it was seriously some of the best comedic writing I've ever
experienced.
Season/Episode: S3E12

4. Stupid Piece of Sh*t
Explanation: This is an episode where we get a inner look at Bojack's own negative self talk. He's going about his normal day interacting with his mom, but we get to see the inner monologue all
the thoughts that's going on inside his head and it's noticeable that tone is full a lot of anxiety, self-depracation, and spiraling thoughts. I love this episode because it really shows
the reality inside someone's mind with anxiety and depression. In the end of the episode, Hollyhock, a teenage girl who was living with Bojack and trying to figure out if he's her dad, tells him
that she's having that same voice in her head telling her she's not good enough and she asks him if that voice ever goes away when she grows up. After watching the episode, and empathizing with
him, we know the answer is no, but Bojack says yes anyway to comfort her. It's a sad realization and a nostalgic one where I realized as the audience just how long that voice had been living in
me own head and how when I was younger, I thought that it would fade away as I grow up and sitting there years later and knowing that that voice never faded was a sad feeling. This episode
really made me feel seen, like my own inner world was finally being illustrated so accurately.
Season/Episode: S4E6

5. Good Damage
Explanation: This is the episode where Diane finally sits down and tries to write her novel about her life. This was her lifeline dream of sharing her story and hopefully making young girls dealing
with similar struggles feel less alone. But as she sits down to write about her childhood, she comes up short with the actual words to articulate what happpened, likely due to all those years
of suppressing those memories. Instead, she impulsively gets inspired to write another story about a girl detective named Ivy Tran. I love the way the show illustrates this sequence because when
Diane is trying to write her autobiographical novel, the illustrations are jumbled and discombobulated just like her memories of it, but once she starts writing her Ivy Tran story, the illustrations
become colorful and full because this was where she was truly having fun and was able to put together a much more complete story and character. There's a scene in the end where Princess Carolyn tells
Diane that the girl detective story was really good and she should keep writing that but Diane gets frustrated because that was not her original intention. When Princess Carolyn asks why she has to write her novel,
Diana says "Because if I don’t, that means that all the damage I got isn’t good damage, it’s just damage. I have gotten nothing out of it, and all those years I was miserable was for nothing."

This touches on a feeling that felt really close to home. Often looking back on our own struggles and trauma, there's this desire to try to turn it into something net positive, perhaps by
sharing it to make others feel less alone, in an attempt to give those awful experiences some sort of positive value in your life, to try to make sense of why it happened. I love that what Diane
doesn't realize yet is that her girl detective story would have that same effect, to make others feel less alone. When she was growing up, it was wholesome shows like Horsin' Around that got her through
her tough times and her girl detective story could be that for people going through similar struggles.
Season/Episode: S6E10

6. The View from Halfway Down
Explanation: This is a very trippy episode that happens at the very end the series showing Bojack in some convoluted dream trance, because he was having a dear death experience. There's so much to unpack
in this episode that only one watch through isn't enough. There's plenty of analysis videos on youtube that point out all the details in the episode that point to different characters and events throughout
the series, so I recommend watching those. The three main things I loved about this episode was the dinner table discussion he was having with all the characters who had died throughout the series and they
were having a philosophical discussion on mortality and meaning of life and goodness and what each character brought to the discussion was very aligned to the life they lived and the nature of their death,
the poem that secretariat shared about his experience unaliving himself which expresses the feeling of regret after the deed had already been done, and the ending sequence where Bojack tries to escape being
swallowed and he has a pretend conversation with Diane in the end, accepting whatever fate was coming to him.
Season/Episode: S6E15

7. Nice While It Lasted
Explanation: This is the final episode of the series where all the characters get a real conclusion to their story. Generally, everyone is in a healthy place, having grown throughout the season and are now
all individually deciding to end their relationship with Bojack, which is really for the best. So Bojack ends up having one last moment/discussion with each one and it feels very bittersweet but fair. With Todd,
he worries about relapsing and Todd gives him some sound reassurance. "What if I relapse again?" "Then you'll get sober again." With Princess Carolyn, he has a nice friendly conversation with her and we just get
to appreciate and be so happy about her conclusion. She found someone who is perfect for her, raising a kid while also balancing a successful career. And with Diane, she shares that she's married to someone who is
also perfect for her. Diane also shares that Bojack did actually call her when he almost died and she expressed how upset she was to be put in that position of feeling like she always had to be the one to save him.
We see her as the final character that has officially drawn the line and is now cutting herself off from Bojack. But not before she shares her own wisdom. Bojack: "Life's a bitch and then you die right" Diane: "Sometimes.
Sometimes life's a bitch and you keep living." They have a simple, somber, beautiful last moment together as the show concludes. It was truly the perfect, more realistic ending for everyone.

I loved this ending because it wasn't one where Bojack got fully redeemed and forgiven for all the horrible mistakes he's made. You see growth in him and there's a sense of hope that he'll turn things around, but he also
has to experience the consequences of his actions, which was losing all of the people in his life except Mr. Peanutbutter. Every character got to where they needed to be in the end but there's this human level of uncertainty
that accurately reflects how it feels in real life.
Season/Episode: S6E16

8. The Old Sugarman Place
Explanation: I love the story-telling in this episode. In present day, Bojack has ran away from LA and is now staying at the runned-down old summer house that he went to as a kid, where his mother spent her summers
as a kid. He meets this neighbor who's a firefly who eventually starts to help him put the house back together while simultaneously telling the story of his mother's childhood in that house across time. We learn that
his mother, Beatrice had an older brother, CrackerJack who fought and got killed in WWII. Beatrice's mother absolutely adored her son and was devastated by his loss. We watch as Beatrice's mother spirals out of control
her her grief whiel the show draws a parallel to the grief of the Firefly neighbor losing his wife. In the end, it's revealed that because of the outdated times, the solution for Beatrices's outburst was lobotomy, which
was devastating for Beatrice to witness as a kid. Her mother tells her "Love does things to a person, terrible things. Beatrice, promise me you will never love anyone as much as I loved Crackerjack." And this is where
we as an audience come to realize that Beatrice had really internalized that lesson and it explained how awful she treated Bojack. This is one of those moments where you realize that even the most unredeemable, horrible
 character also has their own trauma that explains their actions.
Season/Episode: S4E2

9. The Best Thing That Ever Happened
Explanation: This is the episode where Princess Carolyn had just made 3 major mistakes as Bojack's representation in the episode prior and now Bojack has made the decision to fire her. In trying to fight this decision,
Princess Carolyn has a fight with him arguing about all the times she stuck by him when he was being a deadbeat client. It's an episode that showcases Princess Carolyn's true struggle with not being able to separate
personal from professional matters and reflects on the long, codependent relationship between Bojack and Princess Carolyn. It's through this episode that we see how much Princess Carolyn really sees the good in Bojack,
more than anyone else in the show, more than even the audience. We see how much she really struggles to set boundaries because she genuinely cares for him and wants to help in any way she can, even at the detriment to
herself. Which makes it all the more sad when in the end, after all of that, Bojack still decides to fire her. A true break in this decades long relationship. It really shows just how narcissistic Bojack
can be, even to someone who has shown him mountains more compassion and forgiveness than he has ever deserved.
Season/Episode: S3E9


Books:
Introduction Blurb: I got into reading through booktok in 2023 where I spent every waking moment of that entire year trying to read as many fantasy books as I possibly could. This was like re-discovering a childhood hobby
but in the mature adult form in the most satisfying way possible. From reading series Harry Potter, Twilight, The Hunger Games, and others, these modern fantasies have introduced me to badass female characters one after another,
romances that make me feel like a teenage girl again, and epic world-building that give me that Marvel End-game feeling and there's something satisfying about how all these worlds and characters are built and exist in my head.
I also just love how fantasy books allow for endless creativity in building worlds with parallels to the real world to shed light or angle a certain topics in a way that's hard to illustrate in the real world. 


1. Green Bone Saga (3)
Explanation: The Green Bone Saga an urban fantasy taken place in a world where Jade is a stone that can give its weilder special powers and it's largely controlled by clans, the main two being the No Peak clan
and the Mountain Clan. We follow the Kaul family who are leaders of the No Peak clan as they deal with political conflicts with the Mountain Clan over Jade distribution. The magic system with Jade is actually
pretty incredibly designed without any noticeable plot holes and lots power limitations that make the fights suspenseful be there's no character who's too OP so anything can happen. You really get immersed into
this world's cultures, customs, religion and politics. If you don't like plots with politics, you probably won't like this but I still found the books very entertaining even with the more slow-burn style of action.

This was the first series I read back in Jan and it threw me into this whole world of modern adult fantasy. I think the main thing I loved about this series is how well the characters were written.
They actually felt like real people and I grew to care about them like my own family. I literally bawled my eyes out and grieved with the characters whenever someone died. I remember there was a surprise attack
on one of my fav characters and I didn't know if they would survive and when they did I literally burst into tears of relief. The story takes place across a span of 40 ish years so you really watch the characters
grow up and the ending just felt so surreal like you lived through those years with them.  It also just made me think pretty heavily
about the differences between a collectivity vs individualistic culture, especially having grown up in an individualistic culture and heavily leaning towards it, the comradarie and sense of duty in the family in this book made me
really see the pros of a more collectivistic culture. To this day I still think about the Kaul family every day I love them so much.

Author: Fonda Lee

2. The Poppy War (3)
Explanation: The Poppy War trilogy is a historical/war fantasy that follows this orphan named Fang Runin (Rin) as she ascends from poverty into the top military school and finds out that she is a shaman and can
summon the phoenix god's fire powers. Her country, Nikan, has been in constant war from a colonizing force named the Federation of Mugen and she learns to use her shaman fire powers to fight as her country yet
again comes under attack. I believe this story is heavily inspired by the second Sino-Japanese war as the Federation is a parallel to Japan and Nikan is a parallel to China. Rin's character arc was also inspired by Mao Zedong

I read this series back in February 2023 and I have not been able to shut up about it. If I had one word to describe it, it would be devastation. This was a very dark read and it def made me really depressed thinking about the
atrocities that the events in this book was inspired by but it def got me to be interested in learning more about Chinese history and imperialism. Tbh the plot is just depression on depression. Whenever you think the situation
can't get any worse, it does. Rin is the most UNHINGED main character I've ever read like she rivals Eren Jeager on the unhinged spectrum. I will never forget in the beginning of the first book, she gets her first period and
she decides that periods are too inconvenient for her studies so she just casually REMOVES HER UTERUS. The magic system was a little confusing bc it was largely based in religion (which is its own interesting topic in this book).
And this series had the literal worst betrayal l've ever witnessed. I didn't even see it coming and it was gut-wrenchingly painful and tragic.
Author: R.F. Kuang

3. Mistborn (3)
Explanation: Mistborn (Era 1) trilogy by Brandon Sanderson is a heist/epic fantasy with a very unique, but well-designed magic system, intriguing world-building, a loveable, hilarious found family, anime-style fight scenes,
and an absolute badass female main character. This is the only series so far that has made me actually laugh out loud, cry on an airplane, and white-man-watching-football-style fist pump. It's my first introduction into
Brandon Sanderson's Cosmere universe and his work in general and if I'm already having this much fun, l'm very excited for what's to come as I dive into the rest of the Cosmere. This series has hands down the best world-building
I've seen in a fantasy series so far and I'm well aware this isn't even his best work. Reading these kinds of epic build-up fantasies, I always try to predict what the story is building up to, but I can confidently say that I predicted
absolutely nothing in this series, the twists actually threw me off guard but made so much sense in hindsight.

Vin is honestly possibly my favorite fmc so far. Her fight scenes were literally Levi Ackerman-next level shit like this very petite woman was getting strangled by a humongous macho man and she proceeded to combine her powers strategically
to behead the man WITH HER FOREHEAD. And that's just one of the MANY absolute savage anime shit she pulls off. Her romance with Elend was so vanilla and simple in the best way like their entire relationship was so purely based on absolute
trust in each other and nothing else and I ate that shit up??? ELEND IS SUCH A GOOD BOY Also I stan Sazed so hard, he felt like an wise older brother I never had and his character arc with his crisis in faith was so interesting to follow
and his ending was absolute batshit.
Author: Brandon Sanderson

4. Divine Rivals (2)
Explanation: A beautifully vulnerable romance fantasy about two writers/journalists, Iris and Roman, who are secretly writing letters to each other through magical typewriters and slowly fall in love with each other. They both work
at the same company and start off as rivals, but as tragic things happen in Iris's life, she starts opening up in her letters to her mysterious pen pal and he starts to comfort her as they share vulnerabilities together. Roman
actually knows that the girl on the other side of these mysterious letters is Iris and you see from Iris's perspective how differently Roman starts to act as their letters progress. All of this happens in the middle of a war and
when Iris chooses to enlist to report on the frontlines, she continues writing these letters and eventually Roman joins and she starts to put two and two together that her feelings for her rival and her feelings for her mystery
pen pal are for the same person and they fall in love in the cutest way. This is just an overall beautifully written romance that just has you hooked with how these two characters slowly bond with each other over the course of the
book.
Author: Rebecca Ross

5. Babel (1)
Explanation: Babel is a historical fantasy that takes place in England at the time of the British Empire, right before the first Opium War. It follows a Chinese man named Robin who attends Oxford to study translations and
the development of these magic silver rods that uses implicit meanings lost in translation between 2-4 languages to emit magical properties that are used in everyday society. I know that magic system sounded complicated but it was
actually really fascinating and educational to learn about the history of translations between different languages. He's in a group of 4 other minorities in his cohort as they experience the racism and treatment that comes with
each of their identities. Overall, this story explores the idea that languages and translation was used as a tool for colonialism to further oppress and exploit non-Eurocentric cultures. The magic system was more of a literary
device to have a tangible object to further demonstrate this argument. This was a very incredible educational and thought-provoking read, I ate up every word and I feel like I learned a
whole new frame of thinking about our history and colonialism. You can really tell while reading this book just how much research went into writing it and I cannot respect it enough.
Author: R.F. Kuang

6. Fifth Season (3)
Explanation: The Broken Earth trilogy is a science fantasy that takes place in a post-apocalyptic world where Earth has these catastrophic seismic events called "Fifth Seasons" that cause mass migrations/destruction every
few decades or so and humanity has learned to function under these fifth seasons. There's a "race" of people called Orogenes who are born with a special ability to control the earth to an extent and they're basically trained
to minimize these fifth seasons, but because they can also be dangerous if they don't learn to control their power, society has ostracized/demonized them and they are seen as a danger that needs to be regulated and their powers
are exploited. The story follows a mother (Essun) who is an orogene searching for her daughter (Nassun) who has been kidnapped by her father after he found out his kids were orogenes and he killed his own son and abducted his daughter.

This series was an absolute masterpiece. It explores the concept of oppression in a way l've never thought about before and illustrates it in the story so creatively. Essun is an absolute badass of a woman who casually accidentally
wipes out entire cities when she's in a pinch. Nassun has a very complicated relationship with her mother and she goes on her own power-up journey where she ends up on the opposite moral conclusion as her mom when they finally reunite
and they have this epic confrontation as a result of their estranged relationship and seperate journeys. I will say, the writing style and world building are pretty hard to follow in the beginning. The first book is written with
3 perspectives and one of the perspectives is in second person. It gets explained later who exactly is "narrating" the story and it all makes sense in the end but it took me a while to catch on.
Author: N.K. Jemison

7. A Court of Thorns and Roses (5)
Explanation: ACOTAR is a smutty romance fantasy written by the same author as Throne of Glass. The first book is basically a retelling of beauty and the beast but Belle is a very horny Katniss Everdeen. Then 2nd and 3rd book is
where the actual story/romance happens and you watch the main couple, Feyre and Rhysand, fall in love, and navigate the epicness of an all-out war. Frost and Starlight is like a wholesome Christmas special. And Silver flames
follows Feyre's sister, Nesta through a super cathartic and VERY STEAMY healing journey. This is one of those fun series where you just have to sit back and enjoy without too much critical thinking. This is first and foremost a romance
and the best part was just seeing how much of a green forest Rhysand was in just empowering and supporting Feyre in becoming the badass she eventually steps into. He's an example of the kind of healthy, stable love that girls yearn for
as they get older. He is so powerful himself  and truly respects Feyre as an equal which is so hard to find in romances. He had me kicking my feet and giggling and gave me all the butterflies.

I'm also a huge stan of Nesta which is apparently a controversial stance in the fandom, but I relate to her a lot as the oldest sibling who has had to fight through dabilitating self hatred to then watch her younger siblings become
so well adjusted and unrelatable and how isolating that feels. Watching her journey felt so personal because it showed a very imperfect, non-linear process of her making mistakes but being able to see her inner struggles allowed me to empathize
with her more and made it that much more satisfying when she ultimately picks herself back up and finds her girl group and strength in herself.

8. Throne of Glass (8)
Explanation: Throne of Glass is a YA epic fantasy with like witches, demons, wyverns, kingdoms, faes, etc. It follows Celaena Sardothian, a legendary assassin who's imprisoned as a slave after getting betrayed as she gets
the opportunity to compete to become the King's personal assassin. But there's some kind of dark force at play that surrounds this King and you basically follow her uncover her past while uncovering the evil that's been plaguing her
entire realm. Along the way, she is forced to face her past and come to terms with the responsibility of the role she was born into to defend. You basically follow multiple character's storylines and watch them all converge in the end
in the most epic way.

I have a love hate relationship with this series. The first 3 books were pretty slow but after I got to the 4th book I was pretty hooked bc that's when I started getting really invested in the characters and the plot. Sarah J Maas is
really good at writing very likeable characters that you just have no choice but to root for. I wasn't a fan of most of the romance in this series, mostly because there was a lot of unnecessary romance plots that didn't need to happen,
especially in the first two books. But there were just so many epic moments that I think made this series worth it for me to experience. Many of the character arcs had very good build-ups and emotional conclusions that you have no
choice but to walk away from the series feeling a sense of emptiness.
Author: Sarah J. Maas

9. Once Upon a Broken Heart (3)
Explanation: A normal pink-haired human girl, Evangeline seeks out the prince of hearts, Jacks to heal her broken heart but instead the chain events takes her to the northern region where she reunites with the prince of hearts and realizes
that she's a part of a prophecy in that region to collect 4 stones to open a mysterious gate. Jacks is essentially using her to open the gate for his own secret motive. Because this prophecy is tied to some mysterious danger,
there are many people who try to interfere by killing Evangeline, which forces Jacks to constantly come to her rescue. This is a very whimsical, fairytale-esque fantasy for the delusional girlies who fall for the guy who's an asshole
the entire series until one moment where it's revealed that he actually cared the whole time and was mean to her to protect her. These are the types of stories I grew up with and I've had to learn to un-internalize, but if I turn my
critical thinking off for reading this series, the slow-burn build-up into that moment just hits like nothing else. I have moments and quotes from this series that replay in my head over and over and never fail to make me giggle and kick
my feet in the most delusional way. It's definitely not for everyone, but when it hits, it hits.
Author: Stephanie Garber


Music:
Introduction Blurb: I would describe music taste as spanning multiple genres, but very concentrated in certain artists within each genre. Every now and then I'll go through a phase with a genre and have a few select artists
I like and stick to those artists. When the phase fades, I usually keep the one artist on my radar and go deep into their entire discrography until I know every single one of their songs. My phases so far has spanned into pop,
indie soft pop, kpop, show tunes, EDM, and recently hip-hop. In general, I am a lyric girlie so I gravitate towards songs that describe in their lyrics experiences that directly relate to what I'm experiencing in a given period
of my life. Often times, I have certain songs that I can pinpoint with an era of my life based on how much I resonated with it at the time and it's nice to have these associations to be able to look back on those memories.


1. Taylor Swift
Explanation: Not a surprise to anyone, but I'm a die hard Swiftie. She's been my very first artist I became a fan of since 6th grade and I followed her all the way until Reputation when I dropped off. It was until
Red (Taylor's Version) came out with the All Too Well 10 minute version that got me sucked back in and I went full send on her entire discography. My favorite album is between Folklore and The Tortured Poets Department.
Fun fact: TTPD came out on my birthday 2 months after I got my heart completely shattered and the fact that it ended up being a double album made it the most perfect gift at the most perfect time so of course I'm going
to be pretty biased towards it. What I've always loved about Taylor Swift is her mastery of story-telling through her lyrics and capturing such specific emotions in the details of her stories or through extended metaphors like
how she describes someone losing their virginity in two lines, she writes "whispers of "are you sure?" / never have I ever before" or comparing the healing of a breakup to the withdrawal of a drug when she writes "10 months sober
I won't give in / Just because you're clean don't mean you don't miss it." Bottom line is, any emotion that I'm feeling at any given moment, I can usually find a Taylor Swift song to apply. Her music makes me feel so seen.
Favorite Songs: the 1, champagne problems, Hits Different

2. SEVENTEEN
Explanation: I became a fan of Seventeen in 2019. At first I just loved the positive, uplifting nature of their music but as I watched more and more content about the group of boys, I really fell in love with their dynamic as a group,
bonds with each other, and their individual personalities. They are a wholesome group of boys who have a very chaotic energy to them but work together as one whole unit. They're the living definition of true "synergy". What sets them
apart from most other kpop groups is that their members write, produce, and choreograph their entire discography. They take a lot of creative agency in their art and it shows in the messages that they share in their music and the authentic
energy they bring on stage. My favorite member is the main vocalist, Dokyeom aka DK. His voice is hands down the best, most versatile male vocal skill I've ever heard. It's always shocking to me how much control he has over it at such a
young age and it shows just the sheer amount of hours and hard work he's put into it to be able to sing so effortlessly live. He's also the most chaotic member in the group and has just pure entertainer energy, constantly making everyone
laugh. When you see him live, you can see just how passionate he is about being on stage and it's such a wholesome energy to witness. And by all accounts of the members, he's also just a kind person who is so affectionate to everyone
and gets very emotional in the most endearing ways. In many ways, Seventeen has been my source of comfort through some formative years of my life so I'll always be grateful towards them for getting me through that time of my life.
Favorite Songs: Kidult, Home, Rock With You

3. IU
Explanation: I've been a fan of IU since middle school. What sets her apart is her sheer vocal talent. Her voice is so unique and powerful and seeing how her music has evolved over a decade has just been astounding. Her music has matured
with her, but she somehow always finds a way to come out with a sound that is so unique to her and captures the visuals of the song so perfectly. Her music is truly timeless, even the songs from a decade ago are still amazing songs to
listen to now and she just keeps getting better. She's an artist that I can see is so passionate about the actual craft of music and it shows in the quality of work she consistently puts out. I got to see her live this past year and
her live vocals were no joke, a testiment to over a decade of relentless vocal training. She's someone you can sit back and just listen to her sing for hours with minimal visual, choreo, set effects because her raw voice stonds on its own.
Favorite Songs: Palette, Celebrity, Love Wins All

4. Dabin
Explanation: I had an EDM phase back in 2019 where I enjoyed listening to more melodic, emotional type of EDM and Dabin was one of the artists that I really enjoyed seeing live. I have since dropped off of EDM in general, but I will still
try to see Dabin as much as I can. I've probably seen him live over 10+ times and I'm still not tired of it. I love his style of just beautiful melodies with emotional lyrics as he builds into these extremely euphoric moments in his live sets.
I also just love his overal visuals for all his albums, merch, and set. He works with independent artists to release his music with those intricate works of art as album covers. With today's contemporary style, I see a lot of more simplistic,
sleek type designs, so I really appreciate when an artist goes the more detailed route and produces these unique visual works of art. I feel like I've watched him grow as an artist over the years -- when I first discovered him in 2019, he was
opening for Illenium and his fan base was relatively small but he's now grown to a size where he can host his own music festival, it's so satisfying to just see someone grow and get the recoognition they deserve over the years while his music
still stays true to quality I originally liked him for.
Favorite Songs: Alive, Worlds Away, When This is Over

5. Show Tunes
Explanation: I've always loved musicals and watching live theatre productions because of the sheer vocal talent. Living in downtown Chicago, I got the opportunity to go see many broadway musicals live like Hamilton, Wicked, Dear Evan Hansen,
Rent, Six!, Hairspray, Frozen, The Lion King, Anastasia, Les Miserables, Hadestown, and Chicago. Every single show was a mind-blowing experience with the stage production, live vocal numbers, and story-telling. These songs end up becoming my
go-to shower or karaoke songs where I pretend like I can belt showstopper numbers like Defying Gravity. I recommend to anyone to experience live Broadway shows given the opportunity, it's a live experience that has left my jaw dropped on
multiple occasions.
Favorite Songs: Defying Gravity (Wicked), Waving Through a Window (Dear Evan Hansen), My Shot (Hamilton)

6. Kendrick Lamar
Explanation: This is a somewhat newer find with earlier this year and all the Drake drama, but I mostly got hooked with how catchy and savage Not Like Us was and started deep diving into all the Kendrick Lamar lore. I'm very very new to hip-hop
in general so I'm mostly just focusing on Kendrick's music but I'm finding myself enjoying hip-hop much more these days. Couple months ago in August, I experienced a very rage-invoking life event and for the entire month of September, I started
my every morning with Euphoria because it was a song that captured the pure rage I was feeling at the time and that was therapeautic for me. Overall, I'm enjoying Kendrick's discography more and more as I dive deeper into it and I can see why
he's such a huge, respected artist.
Favorite Songs: Euphoria, HUMBLE., King Kunta
